In the last lecture I explained that it is kind of a requirement for this course.
And indeed I strongly recommend having some English to knowledge as well as some HVM El NCSA Smollett
if you want to get the most out of this course.
There's one important requirement I want to bring to your attention right away though if you want to
develop an iOS app you unfortunately really need a Mac or Mac OS wherever dad runs down.
So this is definitely needed.
You will be able of course to create your regular Q app and you are also able to kind of brither you
it how it would look like on an S T Y is in your browser.
I will show you how that works in one of the next lectures.
But if you really are then one to ship it to native devices and one to ship it to the app store you
need a Mac.
That's just how the iOS eco system works.
However for Android there are no such limitations.
And again you are able to develop an app up to a certain point but from that point on you will need
a Mac